docs: Add docs about coder_metadata hide attribute (#3985)
coder/coder: docs/templates/resource-metadata.md

}
```

## Hiding resources in the UI

> Sometimes, some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI. This helps keep the workspace view clean for developers. To hide a resource from the UI, use the `hide` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI; this helps keep the workspace view clean for developers. To hide a resource, use the `hide` attribute:
```

> Sometimes, some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI. That helps to keep the workspace view clean for your developers. To hide a resource from the UI, use the `hide` attribute like the example below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI. This helps keep the workspace view clean for developers. To hide a resource from the UI, use the `hide` attribute:
```

> Sometimes, some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI. That helps to keep the workspace view clean and hide not helpful info. To hide a resource from the UI you can use the `hide` attribute like the example below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sometimes, some resources don't need to be exposed in the UI. That helps to keep the workspace view clean for your developers. To hide a resource from the UI, use the `hide` attribute like the example below:
```

```hcl

> resource "coder_metadata" "deployment" {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource "coder_metadata" "hide_serviceaccount" {
```

  count = data.coder_workspace.me.start_count

>   resource_id = kubernetes_deployment.coder[0].id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  resource_id = kubernetes_service_account.user_data.id
```

This is something that is more likely to hide from metadata

  hide = true

>   item {
>     key = "name"
>     value = kubernetes_deployment.coder[0].metadata[0].name
>   }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  item {
    key = "name"
    value = kubernetes_deployment.coder[0].metadata[0].name
  }
```

Suggest removing this since there's no reason to have key/value pairs for hidden resources. Is this still required?
